so as a chaplain like any other, um, designator in the Navy, your job.
You have training that deals with what you do, and unfortunately, we
do deal with death on a somewhat regular basis. So there are some
formal trainings that we go through, whether it's through our seminary,
whether it's Keiko training, which is casualty assist, uh, officer
training, whether it's going to the mortuary affairs training that
we have, or just plain experience dealing with it on a regular basis.
All those kind of play a factor on how each individual chaplain
deals with death, how they do notifications, how to deal with it personally
within your own self. And then you also have to throw in the
mix of their faith, background and what death means in their faith,
background and the circumstances surrounding